---
layout: post
title: "2015.07.27-week6-blog"
date: 2015-07-27 10:49:15 -0500
comments: true
categories: 
---

Week 6 Blog Post

3 letters to describe Week 6....and I'm still debating between OMG and WTF.

I have been in and out of the hospital.  The challenged individuals who are supposed to be seeing to my medical care didn't bother to send in the paperwork I needed to get the one med that would help with pain.  And it was not a they didn't know any better...I knew that add'l paperwork had to be filed with the pharmacy.  I had the pharmacy fax it to them, then I called the doc office and told them to look for it and fill it out.  Oh no, apparently they didn't.  So the next day I called the pharmacy and confirmed they did not have it.  Had them refax the paperwork.  I called the doc office again.  Told them they needed to do it.  This was Friday.  Called back later that day to confirm that they did it, and they had not, and the doc was gone for the day/weekend.  I had asked them to call in a painkiller and they wouldn't.  This med was supposed to be an anti-inflammatory.  So now I have neither.  Lots of chest pain, no help.  And if I go to the hospital they won't help me either.  So very frustrated.  Very in pain.  Very behind in my school work because of this and the days in the hospital.

For bonus points, I got the check I was waiting for.  Because its over a certain dollar amount, the bank put a 5 day hold on it.  Wal-Mart would have cashed it if it had not been over a different dollar amount.  So now I have to sit around for a week with no funds while they get around to posting this.  Once they post it, I have to start hunting for a vehicle.  Decided to get a pick up with a camper bed on back.  This will greatly help with my ability to get sleep and stay out of the weather and even getting around.  Plus I have to arrange to move my stuff out of Greg's and put it into storage.  That has to be done on the weekend as well.  Again the list of things I have to do just grows and all in a very small time period to do it.  Very overwhelming.  At this point though I am just digging in my heels, putting on my obstinant mule costume and digging in for the long haul.  I am going to do this, I am going to get through this.  Period. End.

Then there's class.  I missed a bunch.  So I have not had the opportunity to do what I was doing before which was work on a chunk, write down all my questions and get them answered the next day in class and then work on the next chunk.  I'm very far behind and I'm really really frustrated.  On the flip side, it did point out to everyone I was helping just how much they were relying on me to get them through class.  They're having to learn to be more resourceful.  And for once, some of them get to help *me* out.  The homework though is extremely misleading and confusing on what they want.  The book doesn't teach it well and the web sites don't follow the pattern the book does and most of them force you to follow the order they want to go.  So very hard to find a way to teach this to myself.  Again adds frustration.
